JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
The GOP wrestles with Donald
Trump -- a look
at the divisions among
Republicans, as the
presumptive nominee prepares to
sit down with
Speaker Paul Ryan tomorrow.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Also ahead
this Wednesday:
instability in Afghanistan, as
the fight rages
on against the Taliban in
Helmand Province.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And testing
transportation
that may be in our future. Miles
O'Brien explores
the Hyperloop and visits the
people working
to make high-speed tube rides a
reality.
BROGAN BAMBROGAN, Hyperloop One:
We're talking
grandma-friendly, dog-friendly,
child-friendly.
It's absolutely just a simple
elevator ride
away. You get in, and you arrive
at your destination.
Ding.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All that and
more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
HARI SREENIVASAN: Baghdad was
rocked today
by the worst violence this year.
Three car
bombings killed at least 93
people and wounded
165 more. All of the attacks
were claimed
by the Islamic State group.
Sirens blared throughout much of
a long and
bloody day in the Iraqi capital.
The first
attack was the worst. A truck
bomb exploded
at a busy market in Sadr City, a
mainly Shiite
district. The blast left
burned-out cars,
charred wreckage and smoldering
shops and
crews washing down the streets.
MAN (through translator): You
can see blood
everywhere. They were poor
people who were
here to earn their living and
were killed
in cold blood.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Witnesses say
the victims
included brides and grooms-to-be
at a beauty
salon and barber shop getting
ready for their
weddings.
And hours later, two more
bombings, one at
a police station in the north
and another
on the western side of the city,
all of this
on a day when Iraqi officials
announced ISIS
now controls 14 percent of the
country, down
from 40 percent in 2014.
The commander of U.S. ground
forces in the
anti-ISIS campaign said the
group is clearly
on the defensive.
MAJ. GEN. GARY VOLESKY, U.S.
Army: As the
enemy loses more and more
terrain, they resort
to some of these desperate acts.
The security
forces in Baghdad have the
situation under
control.
HARI SREENIVASAN: But for many
in Baghdad,
the bombings are in fact proof
that security
forces do not have things under
control.
MAN (through translator): They
say that they
have metal detectors to detect
explosives.
Where are they? How can such car
bombs go
though checkpoints?
HARI SREENIVASAN: It's all
fueling deep resentment
of the Iraqi government, as
political leaders
remain distracted by a struggle
over fighting
corruption.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Islamic State
fighters in Syria
are also advancing again on the
ancient city
of Palmyra. Activists report
ISIS seized a
deserted rocket-launching site
about 40 miles
away, cutting a highway to Homs,
the provincial
capital. The militants destroyed
temples and
other treasures dating back
1,800 years during
a 10-month occupation.
Government troops recaptured
Palmyra in March.
HARI SREENIVASAN: ISIS is losing
its allure
for Americans, according to the
head of the
FBI. James Comey said today the
number trying
to join the group has fallen to
about one
a month. That's down from six to
10 a month
in the previous year-and-a-half.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Brazil,
senators debated
today whether to suspend
President Dilma Rousseff
on charges she violated budget
laws. A simple
majority of the 81 lawmakers
could remove
Rousseff for up to six months,
pending a trial
that might make it permanent.
ANA AMELIA, Brazilian Senator
(through translator):
This event and this moment in
history show
once again that no one, not even
a president
of the republic, is above the
law. The law
is for all, and we have the
obligation and
duty of respecting it. And that
is exactly
why I will give my vote for the
impeachment.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Brazil is facing
its worst
economic downturn in decades and
a sweeping
corruption scandal. Members of
Rousseff's
ruling party argued today she's
being made
the scapegoat.
PAULO PAIM, Brazilian Senator
(through translator):
Let's say that she is removed
permanently.
What will happen? It will not
solve the crisis.
The crisis will only be solved
by elections.
That's why I say that the ideal
for Brazil
would be to call for elections,
together with
the mayoral elections on October
2.
JUDY WOODRUFF: If the Senate
votes tonight
to suspend Rousseff, the
country's vice president
will become acting president.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Back in this
country, a
Colorado judge ruled today that
the man accused
of attacking a Planned
Parenthood clinic in
Colorado is not mentally fit to
stand trial.
Instead, Robert Lewis Dear will
undergo treatment
at a state psychiatric hospital
until he's
deemed competent. Dear allegedly
killed three
people and wounded nine others
at a clinic
in Colorado Springs last
November. He's charged
with murder and attempted
murder.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A former police
officer in
South Carolina, Michael Slager,
now faces
federal civil rights charges, in
addition
to state murder charges, for a
shooting that
left an unarmed black man dead.
The indictment
was unsealed today in
Charleston.
Slager allegedly fired eight
times as Walter
Scott ran from a traffic stop
last year. Cell
phone video captured the
incident. Slager
remains free on bail.
HARI SREENIVASAN: There'll be no
more payday
lending ads on Google starting
in July. The
Internet giant says it's banning
the ads because
the industry is -- quote --
"deceptive and
harmful," often charging
triple-digit interest.
Google dominates Internet
searches and controls
the Internet's largest
advertising platforms.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It was easy come,
easy go on
Wall Street today. Retail stocks
dragged the
rest of the market down, erasing
almost all
of yesterday's gains, the most
in two months.
The Dow Jones industrial average
lost 217
points to close at 17711. The
Nasdaq fell
49 points, and the S&P 500
dropped nearly
20.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And a small
painting that
turned up in a basement and
turned out to
be a Rembrandt went on display
today at the
Getty Museum in Los Angeles.
It's titled "The
Unconscious Patient," and it's
one of the
Dutch master's earliest works.
Two people
found it last summer as they
cleaned out their
family's home in New Jersey. No
word on how
the painting got there.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
Donald Trump
prepares to meet with Speaker
Paul Ryan. Can
they find common ground?;
Taliban gains in
Afghanistan's largest
opium-producing region;
public transportation that goes
up to 800
miles per hour; and much more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now the latest
from the presidential
campaign:
Republicans showed some
tentative signs today
of trying to unify, ahead of a
closely watched
sit-down in Washington.
REP. PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker
of the House:
Anyone have any questions?
QUESTION: Mr. Speaker?
JUDY WOODRUFF: For the speaker
of the House,
Paul Ryan, the questions at the
Capitol this
morning were all about Donald
Trump. The party's
presumptive presidential nominee
meets tomorrow
with the nation's most powerful
elected Republican.
Last week, Ryan said he wasn't
ready to support
Trump. Today, he said he's
trying to be -- quote
-- "as constructive as
possible."
REP. PAUL RYAN: We come from
different wings
of the party. The goal here is
to unify the
various wings of the party
around common principles,
so we can go forward unified.
JUDY WOODRUFF: For his part,
Trump also played
down any rift with Ryan this
morning when
he phoned into FOX News.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
And I have a lot of respect for
Paul Ryan.
If we make a deal, that will be
great. And
if we don't, we will trudge
forward like I
have been doing, and winning,
you know, all
the time.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Trump easily won
yesterday's
GOP primaries in West Virginia
and Nebraska,
while West Virginia's Democratic
voters handed
a primary victory to Bernie
Sanders. That
did little to cut Hillary
Clinton's big lead
in delegates, but Sanders was
undeterred.
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
Let me be as clear as I can be.
We are in
this campaign to win the
Democratic nomination.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Clinton kept her
focus on Trump,
as she campaigned today in
Camden County,
New Jersey, one of the states
voting June
7.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
I will stand up and fight for
and speak out
for every American that he
attacks and he
insults.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: How do
you explain
to your children when someone
running for
president encourages people to
be beaten up,
encourages violence?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Clinton also
challenged Trump
to release his tax returns. The
New York billionaire
said Tuesday he is waiting for
an audit of
his finances that won't be ready
before the
November election.
No matter what comes out of his
meetings on
Capitol Hill tomorrow,
presumptive nominee
Donald Trump has already created
deep divisions
within his own party.
We get two different Republican
viewpoints
on the future of the GOP from
strategist and
NBC News political analyst Mike
Murphy and
from Representative Raul
Labrador of Idaho.
Gentlemen, we welcome both of
you.
The two of you do represent part
of the spectrum
of viewpoints inside the
Republican Party.
Let me start with you,
Congressman Labrador.
Why did you decide, coming from
where you
do, to support Donald Trump?
REP. RAUL LABRADOR (R), Idaho:
Well, it was
pretty simple. We have two
choices, unfortunately,
right now. We have Donald Trump
and we have
Hillary Clinton. I'm not going
to support
Hillary Clinton. I know
everything that she's
going to do. I know the kind of
people that
she's going to nominate to the
Supreme Court.
I know the kind of people that
are going to
be her V.P.s.
I know the kind of people that
are going to
be on her Cabinet. And I know
the policies
that she's going to push. With
Donald Trump,
at least we have an opportunity
to work with
him and we have an opportunity
to sit down
with him. And he's going to try
to do some
things that Republicans want.
So, it was a pretty simple
decision. Donald
Trump wasn't even on my top 10
list of people
that I wanted for the
nomination. But now
he won the nomination fair and
square, and
I think it's time for all of us
to unify.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mike Murphy,
you're a Republican
who has probably never supported
a Democrat,
but why isn't Donald Trump
someone you can
get -- you can go along with?
MIKE MURPHY, Republican
Strategist: Well,
to be clear, I'm not supporting
Hillary Clinton.
I think she would be an awful
president.
The problem is, I know Trump
would be an awful
president, too, and to support
him, in my
view, crosses a moral line and
sells out every
principle our party believes in.
He is not
a conservative. He is not a good
businessman.
I don't think he believes in
anything other
than himself. And he is not
qualified to be
president of the United States,
both by some
of the things he's said and by
the clear lack
of comprehension he has on a lot
of complicated,
important issues.
So Republicans like me are going
to be focusing
down-ballot, where we have a
Senate to reelect,
and House races and
gubernatorial races we
care a lot about, but no way I
am going to
vote for Trump.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Congressman
Labrador, let's
just tackle part of that. We
heard Mike Murphy
say he's not qualified to be
president.
REP. RAUL LABRADOR: You know, he
might not
be qualified. That's up to the
people to decide
whether he's qualified or not.
But the reality is that we know
what makes
Hillary Clinton disqualified.
And on this
race, we only have two choices.
I'm also going
to be concentrating down-ballot.
I'm also
going to be worried about the
Senate and the
House. But the reality is that
we have a very
important decision that needs to
be made about
who the next Supreme Court
justice is.
There is only one person who is
going to make
that decision, and it's going to
be the next
president of the United States.
So I'm hoping
that we can influence Donald
Trump to pick
the right person for the Supreme
Court, to
pick the right person to be his
vice president.
All those are very important
decisions.
And even though I disagree with
him a lot,
I think I'm going to disagree
with Hillary
Clinton a lot more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Why isn't that an
argument
to at least try to work with
Donald Trump,
Mike Murphy?
MIKE MURPHY: Well, because
everything we know
about Trump's history, which
tends to predict
the future, is bad.
He's been a liberal Democrat.
He's pretended
to be a conservative. The
Supreme Court is
important, but Trump will put
Gary Busey on
it. I mean, he's totally
uncontrollable. So
taking a 100-to-1 bet that the
one issue Trump
will be trustworthy and
responsible on is
the Supreme Court in exchange
for handing
him the presidency -- although,
frankly, I
think he can't win and he's
going to bring
disaster to the party
nonetheless -- I think
is a fool's bet.
And the moral compromise you
have to make
to support a guy like that is a
price too
high to pay. The Republican
Party can outlast
four years of Hillary Clinton if
we have to
and rebuild a party that is
worth voting for
in four years. I don't like the
idea of Hillary
Clinton as president, but I just
abhor Trump
too much to support him.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Congressman
Labrador, just
today or yesterday, Donald Trump
said once
again he stands by his comments
that Senator
John McCain is not a hero for
having been
shot down in North Vietnam,
having served
as a prisoner of war. Is that
something you're
comfortable with?
REP. RAUL LABRADOR: You know, I
am not comfortable
with a lot of things that Donald
Trump said.
In fact, I have said that he
needs to grow
up. He acts like a child many
times. There
are many things that he has to
do. But I can
tell you for sure that I know
that what Hillary
Clinton is going to do is going
to be bad
for the United States. With
Trump, at least
we have an opportunity, and I
don't think
you need to make a moral
compromise.
What you need to say is, I'm
going to vote
for a person, but I'm also going
to hold him
accountable. Maybe for the first
time, Congress
starts acting like Congress. I
think too many
times, we put on our jerseys and
Republican
members of Congress actually go
with the Republican
president and allow the
Republican president
to do things that they shouldn't
be doing.
And then the Democrats do the
same thing.
Maybe, for once, the Republicans
in Congress
will actually stand up to a
president of their
own party, and I think that's
pretty healthy.
So I don't think I have to have
any moral
compromise. I actually have to
make sure that
I hold him accountable, just
like I held Barack
Obama accountable.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mike Murphy, what
about holding
Donald Trump accountable?
MIKE MURPHY: Well, I have to
admit I'm amused
that the first time I think in
his political
career that Congressman Labrador
has ever
talked about compromise is to
sell our party
out to a guy like Donald Trump.
The fact is, Trump is a wild
card. I mean,
this is presidential politics.
We're not electing
a second-class ward heeler in a
city here.
This is the big job. This
defines who we are
in our party. And to roll over
for that and
the idea that now you have a
Republican president
you can oppose, instead of a
Democratic president
you can oppose, is specious to
me. I don't
buy that logic one bit.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Congressman
Labrador, I want
you to respond to that and also
to this new
controversy that's arisen,
Donald Trump saying
yesterday that he will not
release his tax
returns before the election
after all.
Today, Mitt Romney put out a
statement saying
that's a disqualifier for the
Republican Party
nominee for president.
REP. RAUL LABRADOR: You know,
it's funny to
have Mike Murphy actually talk
to me about
compromise. I'm actually the
leader in the
House on any kind of compromise
on criminal
justice reform. I have been
working on immigration
reform. I'm actually working on
the Puerto
Rico bill right now.
So it shows that he's pretty
ignorant about
who I am and the things that I
stand for.
Just because I don't like the
things that
he wants to do to the party,
which is to make
it a centrist party that stands
for nothing,
I think, is one of the problems
that we have,
and it's the main reason that we
have Donald
Trump right now, is because
people like Mike
Murphy who actually kept telling
us to capitulate
to this president, to
compromise, to do things
that went against our
principles, is why we
have Donald Trump.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, Congressman
Labrador,
very quickly, I want to come
back to this
question of tax returns. Does it
concern you
that Donald Trump will not
release them before
the election?
REP. RAUL LABRADOR: It does
concern me. There
are a lot of things that concern
me about
Donald Trump. There is a lot of
issues that
he has said, that he has raised
that are concerning.
I think his reaction to certain
people, it's
actually concerning. And I think
he should
release his tax returns. I think
he's using
some excuse right now that he
can't do it
because he's under an audit. I
think that's
preposterous. I think he needs
to come clean.
And I think the American people
need to know
more about him, if he wants to
win the election.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mike Murphy,
how...
MIKE MURPHY: This, we agree.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Go ahead.
MIKE MURPHY: I'm with the
congressman on this.
This tax thing is a huge issue,
and Trump
has to come clean on it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Final thing for
both of you.
Donald Trump's comments about
women, The Washington
Post ran just a few of them,
statements he's
made years ago that were
derogatory toward
women.
Congressman, I can't repeat any
of them here.
How do you accept that and still
support him?
REP. RAUL LABRADOR: You know, I
think he's
done a lot of things that are
terrible, but
I think Hillary Clinton has said
and done
a lot of things that are
terrible.
Unfortunately, we're picking
between the lesser
of two evils. I wish we had a
nominee -- I
first supported Rand Paul. Then
I supported
Ted Cruz. I think if more people
in the party
would have gotten behind a real
constitutional
conservative like Ted Cruz, I
think we would
have a different conversation
right now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
REP. RAUL LABRADOR: But I am
going to choose
the person who I think will give
us the best
possibility to have a Supreme
Court nominee
that can actually be good.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mike Murphy,
final word here.
MIKE MURPHY: It is a choice
between two evils.
And the way you fight evil is to
never choose
it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we will leave
it there.
Mike Murphy joining us from Los
Angeles, Congressman
Raul Labrador joining us from
Capitol Hill,
we thank you both.
HARI SREENIVASAN: It's been 15
years since
the fight began in Afghanistan.
There are
signs that the Taliban is now
strengthening
again. And ISIS is making its
presence felt,
too.
The U.S. and NATO formally ended
their combat
mission in 2014, but thousands
of foreign
troops remain to aid in the
fight.
We're joined now by special
correspondent
Jennifer Glasse in Kabul.
Jennifer, we have noticed an
increase in the
number of headlines about
violence, the car
bombs and so forth from
Afghanistan. Put this
in perspective. How active is
this fighting?
JENNIFER GLASSE: Well, Hari, we
have seen
fighting around the country. The
Taliban announced
their spring offensive in April.
And, of course, we have seen
them fighting
in the north in Kunduz. There
was a large
attack here in Kabul about a
week after they
announced the spring offensive.
But just in
the last 10 days or so, we're
seeing an uptick
in fighting in their heartland,
in Helmand
in the south of the country.
We spoke to people in Lashkar
Gah. That's
the provincial capital of
Helmand province.
And they are very concerned.
They say there's
been a lot of fighting,
especially in the
last nine or 10 days. They can
actually hear
the gunfire in the center of the
city.
They say the Taliban have tried
to attack
a number of areas around the
city, in the
ring of security around the
city. They have
managed to take a few
checkpoints, and, yesterday,
15 Afghan policemen were killed.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right, so
it seems that
multiple forces here, Taliban on
one side,
maybe ISIS on the other. Any
idea of the scale
of how large this opposition is?
JENNIFER GLASSE: We don't know
exactly how
many fighters there are. The
Taliban claimed
to have thousands of fighters
ready to launch
an offensive this year.
They usually exaggerate their
numbers. What
is clear then is the Taliban can
inflict very,
very large damage. Last year,
Afghan security
forces took very heavy
casualties, 5,500 killed.
That's about 15 a day, and 14 --
about 14,000
injured. That was 2015 alone,
and they're
bracing for another difficult
year.
The Taliban have been effective
in the kind
of attacks they have carried
out. So, even
when they took Kunduz for three
days last
year, the first time they took a
city, they
only went in, stayed for three
days, and went
out. It really created a lot of
fear. It was
very effective, and yet they
have been able
to hold a lot of area in the
country.
And things have really picked up
just in the
last 10 days or so because it's
the end of
the poppy harvest season, the
opium harvest
season in the south. A lot of
Taliban fighters
take part in that opium harvest.
We're told
it's going to be a bumper crop.
And so, of
course, that's a lot more money
for the Taliban.
As for ISIS, they are largely in
the east
of the country, and their
numbers are estimated
to be in the hundreds, but it's
very hard
to tell.
HARI SREENIVASAN: How involved
is the American
military in these battles?
JENNIFER GLASSE: Well, there are
about 10,000
U.S. forces still here. They
have got two
missions, train, advise, and
assist, and a
counterterrorism mission.
Now, we know that Afghan special
forces have
been fighting alongside Afghan
forces. We
just learned recently that in
the -- in Kunduz
last September and October, when
the Taliban
took the city for three days,
American special
forces were fighting very
actively in Kunduz.
We know that there are also
American special
forces guiding Afghan special
forces in Helmand
province, and about several
hundred, about
500 or more U.S. army troops
from the 10th
Mountain Division are in Helmand
province
now. They got there in February.
Now, that's
a big mission. They're trying to
reform and
retrain the army 215 Corps.
They have fired all the
commanders and all
the leaders there. They are
trying to get
the Afghans to be a little bit
more aggressive,
to get off checkpoints and to
engage the Taliban
more effectively.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now, there has
also been
some change in military
leadership on the
American side. Has there been
any sort of
a strategy or a vision laid out
on what might
change in the near future?
JENNIFER GLASSE: Well, we know
that the new
commander here, General
Nicholson, is conducting
a 90-day review as to what
should happen next.
Right now, there are 9,800 U.S.
forces in
country. That right now is
scheduled to go
down to 5,500 by the end of the
year. And
we know that General Nicholson
is reviewing
that, checking to see what is
going on here.
And he's expected to give
President Obama
his advice in the next month or
so, when he
finishes that review, as to
whether he believes
those forces should remain --
those 10,000
forces should remain in
Afghanistan.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Jennifer Glasse
joining us from Kabul tonight,
thanks so much.
JENNIFER GLASSE: Good to be with
you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": the
debate over
allowing transgender people in
the U.S. military;
setbacks for the car-sharing
services Uber
and Lyft; and Mr. Darcy becomes
a neurosurgeon,
a modern retelling of "Pride and
Prejudice."
But, first, we are kicking off a
weekly series
tonight that will expand our
coverage of science
and technology on our broadcast
and online.
Our science correspondent Miles
O'Brien will
frequently be our guide on
Wednesdays, as
he reports on a wide variety of
subjects,
including the environment, space
and technology,
and takes us to the leading edge
of research
and thinking in these fields.
Tonight, we start with an
ambitious dream
to create a tube-based
high-speed transportation
system of the future, one that
would cost
billions. You may have heard of
it, the Hyperloop.
Here's Miles.
MILES O'BRIEN: No rest for the
weary on Saturday
mornings at MIT.
Sandwiched cheek to jowl between
grad students
building a high-performance
electric race
car and a solar-powered
endurance vehicle,
you will find the Hyperloop team
hard at work.
On this morning, they were
attaching the outer
shell, or fairing, for the first
time.
JOHN MAYO, MIT Hyperloop Team: I
trusted it
would fit. I trust our team. Our
team is really
good. So, it's great to actually
see if there
on the pod.
MILES O'BRIEN: Measure twice,
cut once, right?
JOHN MAYO: Yes.
MILES O'BRIEN: John Mayo is on
the cusp of
getting his master's in
mechanical engineering.
He is project manager of a
30-member team
that he hopes is on the cusp of
helping devise
a fifth mode of transportation,
to take its
place beside planes, trains,
automobiles and
boats.
Hyperloop is a cross between the
pneumatic
tube you use at the drive-up
teller, an air
hockey table and a bullet train.
Oh, and throw
in Concorde too.
JOHN MAYO: One of the big
differentiators
here is that tube, because you
have less aerodynamic
drag, so you can go faster with
less resistance.
MILES O'BRIEN: They are building
this scale
model to compete with about 30
other college
teams in a totally tubular
challenge this
summer to demonstrate the best
prototype.
MAN: The winning team, from the
Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, the MIT
Hyperloop
team.
MILES O'BRIEN: They are the team
to beat after
winning the design phase earlier
this year
at Texas A&M. The basic concept
is not new.
A short pneumatic train line was
built beneath
at Texas A&M. The basic concept
is not new.
A short pneumatic train line was
built beneath
Manhattan in 1870, but the idea
was just a
novelty then, and has remained
in the realm
of George Jetson's
Dream-O-Vision ever since.
But, in 2013, this white paper
changed the
equation. It's a technical
description of
a supersonic Hyperloop that
would carry people
from Los Angeles to San
Francisco in about
30 minutes, a proposal like this
would normally
be dismissed, but the author was
the real-life
Iron Man, Elon Musk, the founder
of PayPal,
electric car manufacturer Tesla,
and SpaceX,
the private company that
launches rockets
into low-Earth orbit and,
lately, lands the
spent first stages onto small
barges in one
piece.
JOHN MAYO: Elon has his way of
making everybody
excited about these seemingly
outlandish ideas,
but we have all the technology
there to do
it. It's just, you need the
excitement and
you need some funding behind it
and you need
people to push it. And Elon is
the pusher.
MILES O'BRIEN: At that awards
ceremony in
College Station, Texas, the
pusher surprised
his pushees with an appearance.
He got a rocket
star welcome from his biggest
fans. It was
nerd nirvana.
ELON MUSK, CEO, Tesla Motors:
It's clear that
the public and the world want
something new,
and I think you guys are going
to bring it
them. So, congratulations. Yes.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
MILES O'BRIEN: Musk says he was
disappointed
by California's high-speed rail
line between
Los Angeles and San Francisco
now under construction.
He believes the trains just
aren't good enough.
Their advertised top speed? A
measly 220 miles
per hour.
ELON MUSK: What inspired me is,
I was stuck
in L.A. traffic.
(LAUGHTER)
ELON MUSK: And I was an hour
late for a talk.
And I was thinking, man, there
has got to
be some better way to get
around.
MILES O'BRIEN: When Musk got
back to his desk,
he started doing the math. His
first thought,
those pneumatic tubes. But using
giant fans
to create a supersonic gust of
wind for 350
miles would create way too much
friction.
So what if the tubes were sealed
up tight,
a vacuum, and the pods were
lifted with magnetic
levitation?
With no friction or wind
resistance, there
would be nothing to stop the pod
from going
extremely fast. But sealing a
350-mile-long
tube tight enough to hold a
vacuum is also
a nonstarter.
The MIT team believes magnetic
levitation
is the answer, but with no
vacuum required,
just very low air pressure
inside the tube.
They are testing arrays of
common magnets
that would levitate the pod over
an aluminum
track. The engineering
challenge? The magnets
provide lift, but also drag.
Philippe Kirschen is an
aerospace and astronautics
grad student.
PHILIPPE KIRSCHEN, MIT Hyperloop
Team: The
drag is just the price that you
pay. You can't
get the free lift, so you pay
the price in
drag, and our goal essentially
is just to
minimize the drag.
MILES O'BRIEN: Philippe is
betting his career
on this technology. As soon as
he graduates,
he will take a job at Los
Angeles-based Hyperloop
One, a leading start-up in this
new field.
Its co-founder and chief
technology officer
is former SpaceX engineer Brogan
BamBrogan.
BROGAN BAMBROGAN, Hyperloop One:
It's going
to be absolutely
turbulence-free. It's going
to be smooth. We're talking
grandma-friendly,
dog-friendly, child-friendly.
It's absolutely
just a simple elevator ride
away. You get
in, and you arrive at your
destination. Ding.
MILES O'BRIEN: The hype over
Hyperloop One
has brought the company $100
million in investment.
And while it's an important step
to demonstrate
its electric propulsion system
works, it's
likely the journey to reality
will be a lot
slower than a speeding capsule.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In fact, one key
part of the
Hyperloop dream was put to the
test today.
Just how viable the propulsion
system will
be?
Miles was there for that
demonstration, which
took place about 30 miles
outside Las Vegas,
and he joins me now.
Welcome, Miles.
So, tell us, what exactly were
they trying
to prove today, and how did it
go?
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, I think if
you were to
put it in Wright brother terms,
this wasn't
the Kitty Hawk powered flight
moment. This
was probably one of the glider
tests that
we're less familiar with that
the Wright brothers
did before that moment.
It was an opportunity for them
to test out
their linear electric motor,
which will help
drive this capsule eventually.
They went from
zero to about 105 miles per hour
in all of
about five seconds. It was a
success, but
in the grant scheme of things,
an incremental
success with many more steps to
go.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, what do the
owners of this
venture, what are they saying at
this point?
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, they're
trying to attract
some investment, and they're
doing a pretty
good job so far. They have got
about $100
million so far, attracting some
serious deep-pocketed
investors.
There's a lot of enthusiasm over
this idea,
and, thus far, what the
engineers tell me
is, there's no technological
stumbling blocks
that they foresee. Where it
comes down to
are the meddlesome issues of
right of way
and finding a way to make the
tubes as straight
as possible, because the
straighter it is,
the faster you go.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But that's going
to involve
some technology, too. So, I
mean, just how
practical a thing are we talking
about?
MILES O'BRIEN: You know, it's
hard to say
right now, because there's a lot
of thing
that have to fall into place to
make this
happen.
Given the level of enthusiasm
that people
have and given the fact that
traffic's not
get anything better, the ideal
of traveling
350 miles in all of a half-hour
has quite
an allure. Getting the rights of
way, building
the tubes, making sure there
aren't too many
sharp turns, so it slows down so
much that
it ruins its allure, is really
something that
remains to be seen. But given
the enthusiasm,
you know, we have to say this is
something
to watch for now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You know, Miles,
I have to
tell you, traveling in China
last year, I
rode on the maglev train in
Shanghai between
downtown and that city out to
its airport.
It's only a matter of a few
miles, but it
went almost 300 miles an hour.
How different
is this from that?
MILES O'BRIEN: It's basically
taking the train
you were on in Shanghai, which
is one of the
most -- the fastest, most
sophisticated maglevs
in the world, and putting it
inside a tube.
You're essentially taking away
the resistance
of the air, for all intents and
purposes.
And that allows you to pretty
much double
the speed.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Miles,
finally, we just
want to say we're looking
forward to seeing
you on Wednesdays going forward,
a new segment
we're calling The Leading Edge.
And I think
we're all looking forward to
learning a lot
from you.
MILES O'BRIEN: Well, Judy, I
guess you could
say I'm kind of hyper about this
experience.
I'm very excited to be back more
frequently
on the "NewsHour" doing science
reporting.
No one else is doing it like the
"NewsHour."
And we look forward to your
suggestions. If
folks out there have any ideas
for science
and technology stories that we
can bring to
you, by all means, let us know.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Miles O'Brien,
it's great to
have you with us. Thank you.
MILES O'BRIEN: You're welcome,
Judy.
HARI SREENIVASAN: It's been
nearly a year
since the secretary of defense
declared the
military's ban on transgender
soldiers -- quote
-- "outdated," but the Pentagon
has yet to
issue any new directives,
despite deadlines.
William Brangham explores what
it means to
be transgender in the armed
forces.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: In 2014,
Lieutenant Blake
Dremann was going to be one of
the first women
to serve on a U.S. Navy
submarine.
LT. BLAKE DREMANN, U.S. Navy: We
got invited
to the White House, and this is
me with the
president and the first 24
females on a submarine.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But by the
time that vessel
launched in late 2013, Blake was
physically
transitioning to the male
gender, and giving
himself weekly hormone
injections.
LT. BLAKE DREMANN: I took my
first shot the
week before we got under way,
and I took them
under way with us.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Blake is a
transgender man.
His sex at birth was female, but
he's long
identified himself as male.
LT. BLAKE DREMANN: I probably
knew when I
was like 5, right, that
something was amiss.
But you grow up in the church,
you grow up
in Bible college, that type of
environment,
and you just learn to ignore it.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Blake is now
stationed at
the Pentagon. He says most of
the other officers
treat him like any another
colleague.
LT. BLAKE DREMANN: The senior
officers have
been very receptive about it.
And I have talked
to all kinds of them for
sometimes an hour
or an hour-and-a-half at a time
just kind
of answering questions. And if
you ask, I'm
very open.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The tide has
slowly been
turning for transgender service
members like
Blake. Until last year, if a
soldier, sailor,
airman or Marine changed their
gender identity,
Pentagon policy was to give them
a medical
disqualification and discharge
them from service.
This was policy, but it wasn't
always strictly
enforced. But last July,
Secretary of Defense
Ash Carter stopped these
dismissals, and ordered
the Pentagon to draft plans to
allow transgender
people to serve openly.
But that change came too late
for some. As
a man, Brynn Tannehill graduated
with honors
from the Naval Academy in 1997.
She went on
to serve as a Navy pilot for
over a decade.
LT. CMDR. BRYNN TANNEHILL, U.S.
Navy Reserve:
I was flying an SH-60B
helicopter full of
sub hunting gear and surface
search radars
and infrared cameras. We could
carry anti-ship
missiles and torpedoes.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: She served in
the Persian
Gulf and elsewhere. And after
leaving the
Navy, she joined the Reserves,
but she soon
realized she couldn't keep
flying.
LT. CMDR. BRYNN TANNEHILL: I
left the military
in 2010, left the Reserves,
because I was
dealing with gender dysphoria. I
was dealing
with the fact that I didn't
identify with
the gender I had been assigned
at birth.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: She's now a
military consultant.
In her free time, she makes her
own medieval-style
body armor and participates in
popular one-on-one
mock combat.
Gender dysphoria, according to
the current
thinking among mental health
professionals,
is the real deep-seated sense
that the gender
you were born with isn't really
who you are.
A survey of over 6,000
transgender Americans
found that 20 percent -- that's
one in five
-- had served in the military.
That's more
than twice the percentage of the
general population.
Another study, by the UCLA
School of Law,
estimates that about 15,500
trans people serve
in the U.S. armed forces, out of
a total force
of 1.5 million. The same study
found that
there are about 130,000 trans
veterans, out
of 22 million total veterans.
DR. GEORGE BROWN, East Tennessee
State University:
You have to live a double life.
You have to
live secretly. And there are
many problems
that arrive out of that type of
existence.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: George Brown
is associate
chairman for veterans affairs at
East Tennessee
State University. He spent 15
years as an
Air Force psychiatrist. Since
the 1980s, Dr.
Brown has treated hundreds of
transgender
soldiers, sailors, airmen and
Marines. And
he's developed a theory about
why so many
trans men and women serve.
DR. GEORGE BROWN: Ninety percent
of the people
I interviewed would say, you
know, when I
was 17, 18, 19 years old, I knew
there was
something different about
myself, and I really
wanted to run away from this.
And I thought,
if I joined the military, I
could become a
real man.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: However trans
men and women
end up in the military, Brynn
Tannehill wants
them to be treated the same way
that all other
federal government workers are
treated.
LT. CMDR. BRYNN TANNEHILL: The
federal work
force already has policies in
place that allow
other federal workers to
transition, to change
their names, change their gender
markers,
to use bathrooms, to use locker
rooms. All
of this has been worked out with
every other
federal agency.
So the military is really kind
of a little
bit behind the curve on this
one.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: She says VA
hospitals have
been providing hormones and
therapy to trans
veterans since 2011. But that's
not the case
for service members on active
duty or in the
Reserves. Tannehill says, if a
woman needs
hormone replacement therapy to
address menopausal
symptoms or after cancer
treatment, she can
get it through the military
health care system,
but not women like her.
LT. CMDR. BRYNN TANNEHILL: If a
transgender
woman needs that same estrogen
in the same
doses, she can't get it.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: According to a
recent study
in "The New England Journal of
Medicine" by
Aaron Belkin of the Palm Center
-- they're
a research and advocacy group
that focuses
on transgender issues -- it
would cost the
military about $5.6 million to
pay for hormones
and other transition-related
treatments annually.
According to the same estimate,
about 188
soldiers would transition each
year.
While this represents just a
sliver of the
Pentagon's personnel, and its
nearly $600
billion annual budget, for
retired Marine
Colonel Gary Anderson, his
concerns about
trans service members go beyond
just money.
COL. GARY ANDERSON (RET.), U.S.
Marine Corps:
I have nothing personally
against women in
combat, gays in the military,
transsexuals
in the military, or gay pregnant
whales in
the military, as long as
somebody can show
me that there is value added and
not value
taken away from the military
readiness.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Anderson says
that letting
transgender people and gays
serve has damaged
morale. He claims it's the
lowest it's been
in decades. The cause? Changing
attitudes
about the LGBTQI community.
COL. GARY ANDERSON: I think
progressive fascism
is a fair description. I think
we have got
people who -- quite frankly,
diversity in
this particular Pentagon and
this particular
time frame has become a
religion.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: In the past,
the Pentagon
has said that the impact of
letting gays and
lesbians serve openly has been
-- quote -- "negligible."
They have not yet studied the
impact of transgender
service members.
But Anderson also says that
transgender service
members present logistical
challenges.
COL. GARY ANDERSON: Will there
be a requirement
for a third bathing and sanitary
facility
aboard submarines, on fire bases
and so forth?
LT. BLAKE DREMANN: We got
stalls. We're mature
enough to not -- you know, you
shut the door.
Everybody knows. It's not like
there's any
secret to what going on when you
walk into
the bathroom.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: According to
the Palm Center,
18 countries, including Canada,
the U.K. and
other NATO allies, have allowed
transgender
soldiers to serve. And Tannehill
says there's
no evidence those militaries
suffered any
problems or setbacks.
LT. CMDR. BRYNN TANNEHILL: They
have dealt
with all the same issues that
the DOD is looking
at, and they dealt with them 15,
16 to 20
years ago, including facilities,
including
medical care, including
nondiscrimination
and non -- anti-harassment
policies.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Tannehill and
others who
watch the issue are expecting
Defense Secretary
Carter to make an announcement
about the Pentagon's
strategy by midsummer. They hope
it will put
to rest the uncertainty of
serving while transgender.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
William Brangham.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now we turn to
Uber. The
ride-sharing giant's rise has
spurred a number
of fights across the country.
The latest move, an agreement to
create a
drivers association representing
about 35,000
drivers in New York City. That
follows a recent
settlement with drivers in
California and
Massachusetts, and a decision to
suspend service
in Austin, Texas.
Mike Isaac covers this landscape
for The New
York Times, joins us now from
San Francisco.
How significant was this
agreement that Uber
made in New York?
MIKE ISAAC, The New York Times:
So, it's probably
the largest to date that Uber
has had in a
sort of positive agreement with
any sort of
recognized labor unions.
It's the first time that Uber is
actually
recognizing a group of drivers.
They're not
calling it a union because they
lack some
really fundamental issues that
-- issues and
abilities that unions have,
which includes
the ability to collectively
bargain with Uber
on pay.
But, as far as overall
significance, it's
the first time Uber is actually
willing on
agree to talk to one of these
groups.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, is this a
step to try
to prevent unionization or to
have to call
drivers employees?
MIKE ISAAC: You know, it's --
Uber has never
really had good lines of
communication with
any of the drivers that work for
them.
One of the biggest complaints
has always been,
you know, for drivers, that they
can't get
in touch with Uber. If they have
been deactivated
driving for Uber, they don't
know why often.
It's sort of this first olive
branch from
the company saying, OK, we're
going to start
listening to you and essentially
give you
a voice.
Now, that also serves another
purpose, to,
you know, sort of give a
quasi-union-style
thing to drivers without
actually making them
employees, which would cost
Uber, you know,
hundreds of millions of dollars
more in overhead.
So, it's kind of a -- it's
serving more than
one purpose at the same time.
HARI SREENIVASAN: OK.
Now, what are the fights going
on in the other
parts of the country we
mentioned? Right in
your home area, in California,
what was the
settlement there about?
MIKE ISAAC: So, in California
and in Massachusetts,
there was a class-action lawsuit
going on
where a number of -- tens of
thousands of
workers were essentially suing
Uber to -- for
back wages, for overtime, for
expenses, essentially
things that you would receive if
you were
a full-time employee.
Now, Uber, you know, continues
to call their
drivers their partner -- driver
partners and
has no real incentive to employ
these people.
So, that had been going on for a
while. But
Uber finally settled with the
class-action
-- or agreed to settle the
class-action for
up to $100 million and some of
the concessions
that you're seeing in this new
union -- union-esque
group formed in New York
recently.
HARI SREENIVASAN: I say Uber all
the time,
but it's almost a shorthand for
Uber, Lyft,
other ride-sharing companies.
They just pulled
out of Austin.
It seems the strategy sometimes
for these
companies is to ask forgiveness,
rather than
permission. What happened in
Austin, and why
did they have to leave?
MIKE ISAAC: Well, Austin was an
interesting
battle for them.
They essentially were going up
against the
slate legislature over
background checks.
And, basically, Uber has this
process where
they have an outside company
performing these
background checks for drivers.
They're usually
turned around in a few days, and
drivers can
get on the platform and start
driving really
quickly.
Now, the point of contention
there was, taxi
drivers and cab drivers
generally have to
go through a fingerprint-based
background
check, which many people believe
is much more
comprehensive than the type of
background
checks that Uber is -- Uber and
Lyft and other
ride-sharing companies are
requiring.
So, Uber spent, I believe it was
$9 million
fighting that in the state
legislature, saying,
our background checks very safe.
But a law
passed that essentially sort of
made their
argument moot, so Uber decided
to call their
bluff and pull out and see if
the drivers
in Austin complained loud enough
for them
-- for the state to cave.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Mike Isaac of
The New York Times joining us
from San Francisco,
thanks so much.
MIKE ISAAC: Thanks for having
me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now the latest
addition to
the "NewsHour" Bookshelf.
Jeffrey Brown explores a new
take on a classic
novel.
JEFFREY BROWN: There's a
well-off bachelor,
a Mr. Bingley, moving to town,
and Mrs. Bennett
would just love to marry off one
of her five
daughters, preferably the
eldest, Jane.
Oh, and Bingley has a friend
named Darcy.
Maybe you have heard this story.
Jane Austen's
novel of manners, "Pride and
Prejudice," was
first published in 1813. It has
been read
and played with in many forms,
including films,
ever since.
And now comes "Eligible," part
of the Austen
Project, which asks six
contemporary novelists
to rewrite six of Austen's
books.
Author Curtis Sittenfeld's
previous bestsellers
include "Prep" and "American
Wife."
And welcome to you.
CURTIS SITTENFELD, Author,
"Eligible": Thank
you.
JEFFREY BROWN: Was this scary or
fun to take
on? Because you're inevitably
going to be
compared to Jane Austen and to a
beloved book.
CURTIS SITTENFELD: I would say
it was scary
and fun.
It was -- I mean, I always knew
that I was
writing this as an act of
admiration and not
as an attempt to improve upon
"Pride and Prejudice,"
which, of course, we all know is
perfect.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, what was the
mission? What
did you set yourself?
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Well, it was
just supposed
to be fun. I wanted it to sort
of show this
admiration for "Pride and
Prejudice," but
also update it, and not be so
similar that
you would know at every twist
and turn what
would happen.
It's supposed to be entertaining
and sizzy
and engaging and kind of -- it
can make you
think about "Pride and
Prejudice" or go back
to the original. And, honestly,
some people
have said, you know, Jane Austen
would love
this, or Jane Austen would be
rolling in her
grave, which I feel like
probably neither.
But it's OK that it's for some
people. It's
not for everyone.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, so you set
your novel
in Cincinnati, first of all.
Why?
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Well, it's my
hometown.
JEFFREY BROWN: OK.
CURTIS SITTENFELD: So, it was
tempting. And
I had never set fiction there,
even though
I had written four previous
novels.
But it also -- I feel like
Cincinnati and
a small English village in the
early 1800s
have certain things in common,
in that outsiders
might not think they're very
interesting,
but, if you live there, you know
that there's
drama and...
JEFFREY BROWN: There's a lot
going on.
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Yes. People's
lives are
always exciting to them, and
people always
have crushes and intrigue.
JEFFREY BROWN: Well, so here,
Jane Bennet
is a yoga instructor. Lizzie is
a magazine
writer. The two silly younger
sisters are
-- they spend a lot of their day
doing cross-fit
workouts.
I mean, I can go on and on,
right? Darcy is
a haughty neurosurgeon now. Did
you have great
fun looking for comparisons to
our time?
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Yes, I did
have great fun.
I felt like, sitting at my desk,
I was basically
enjoying myself quite a lot.
And from the beginning, when
these editors
approached me and asked me if I
would be interested
in this, I said let me reread
"Pride and Prejudice"
and see if I can come up with
ideas for modern
parallels. And almost right
away, from the
first page, I thought this would
be fun. I
could do this. I have many
ideas.
And so, yes, it was -- I thought
in terms
of structure or plot or things
that happened.
It wasn't -- it was more like
trying to find
the parallels and trying to
borrow the architecture
of "Pride and Prejudice," and as
opposed to
just almost thinking, what are
modern things
that I can insert this old book?
JEFFREY BROWN: But what are --
I'm curious,
what are the similarities or
differences that
you found in her time and ours?
Because so
much of that period and those
books are about
the class society, right, gender
relationships?
Is it similar or different?
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Yes. Don't
you think, in
2016, like, class is still...
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
CURTIS SITTENFELD: It's always
sort of unspoken,
but always relevant.
Like, I think some of it -- to
me, I think
maybe the biggest questions in
"Pride and
Prejudice" are, will I find my
soul mate?
Will my soul mate recognize that
we're soul
mates? Why is my family so
annoying? That's
always like an eternal question.
Do I have
a financially secure future?
Those are eternal,
timeless questions.
JEFFREY BROWN: Except, nowadays,
in relationships,
there would be -- well, in your
book, there's
sex, for example, right?
(CROSSTALK)
CURTIS SITTENFELD: I know, I
know, I know.
So, here's the thing. I tried to
be respectful
of Jane Austen and her legacy
and not be kind
of over the top in that
category. But I do
think -- the book is set in
2013. "Eligible"
is set in 2013. And it seemed
like -- I have
aged Jane and Lizzie about 20
years. They're
both approaching 40.
It seemed rather unlikely that
these almost-40-year-old
women would have totally chaste
relationships.
So, to me, it seemed relevant to
the plot
and not provocative for the sake
of being
provocative.
JEFFREY BROWN: When you first
read Jane Austen,
when you went back as a writer,
what makes
Austen, Austen?
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Well, it's
interesting,
because I think a related
question is, why
do people love "Pride and
Prejudice" above
all her books?
She's written so many -- six
wonderful novels,
and people love all of them, but
there's really
a special place in people's
heart for "Pride
and Prejudice." And I think
she's -- in "Pride
and Prejudice," she's kind of
addressing a
lot of themes that she addresses
in the other
books, but she just -- she
achieves this incredible,
seamlessness and this balance.
And she's just at the top of her
game in terms
of character development and
language and
insights about the human
condition, and the
romance is so romantic. So, it's
almost like
everything comes together so
beautifully.
JEFFREY BROWN: And have you
thought about
why the endless remakes and
twists? We were
talking before we started about
the famous
Colin Firth on television,
right, which a
lot of people remember. Zombie
movies get
made. All kind of films get made
out of this,
right?
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Yes. Yes.
JEFFREY BROWN: "Bridget Jones."
I mean, you
can go on and on and on.
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Yes. Yes.
No, I have thought about this
and wondered,
is there something almost
Darwinian in us
that loves to watch a romance?
Like, I feel
like to me, as a reader or as a
viewer of
television, if there's a couple,
and there's
such palpable, romantic tension
or sexual
tension between them that I'm
thinking to
myself, kiss, kiss, like, I love
that. That's
my favorite experience as a sort
of consumer
of a book or a TV show.
And so I think that she does
that just magnificently,
where you think, like, Darcy,
Lizzie, you're
meant to be together. And don't
you know it?
Can't you recognize it?
JEFFREY BROWN: All right,
"Eligible" is part
of the Austen Project.
Curtis Sittenfeld, thanks so
much.
CURTIS SITTENFELD: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online right
now: What do rising food prices,
wildfires
and coral reefs have in common?
One of our
Making Sense columnists says
it's El Nino.
While the current bout of the
climate phenomenon
is due to die out over the next
few months,
the economic consequences could
last longer.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And that's the
"NewsHour"
for tonight.
On Thursday, making sense of
grit, the hard-work
key to success.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening. For all of us at the
"PBS NewsHour,"
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening. For all of us at the
"PBS NewsHour,"
thank you, and good night.